#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation
==Developer Guide==
Welcome to the developer documentation of guice-repository project - a Google Guice adapted version of [http://static.springsource.org/spring-data/data-jpa/docs/current/reference/html/#preface Spring Data-JPA] project with some additional features.

Current project version is: *2.0.1*

==What are Spring Data-JPA?==
Here is description from Spring Data-JPA authors:

"_Spring JPA is part of the umbrella Spring Data project that makes it easy to easily implement JPA based repositories._"

For my opinion it is very useful project that helps developer to work hard on business logic and avoid writing boilerplate code around persistence layer.

==What are guice-repository?==
Guice-repository is an adapter for _[http://www.springsource.org/spring-data/jpa Spring Data-JPA]_ project which brings all known functionality of _[http://code.google.com/p/google-guice/wiki/GuicePersist Guice-Persist]_ with many additional features:
 * Support for [http://www.objectdb.com/java/jpa/persistence/store#Batch_Store_ batch store] (see [BatchStore this] page);
 * Allow access to EntityManager from Repository (see [http://code.google.com/p/guice-repository/source/browse/trunk/src/main/java/com/google/code/guice/repository/EntityManagerProvider.java EntityManagerProvider]);
 * Full support for @Transactional methods for all Guice-instantiated entities (see [Transactions this] page;
 * Support for [MultiplePersistenceUnits multiple] persistence units;
 * Support for [PersistenceInjections direct injection] of EntityManager/EntityManagerFactory with @PersistenceContext/@PersistenceUnit/@Inject&@Named annotations;
 * Support for injections in repositories/custom implementations;
 * [WebPersistFilter PersistFilter] as implementation of "Open EntityManager in View"/"session-in-view"/"session-per-http-request" pattern;
 * Offers natural way of Repository binding process; 
 * Repository auto-bind possibilities with exclusion/inclusion filters - see [AutoBind];
 * Ability to bind interceptor to catch Repository methods with @Transactional.

*NOTE:* _guice-repository_ is not compatible with _guice-persist_ extension and can't coexist in one _pom.xml_.

==How did this work?==

There is a three main steps:

1. Define a [http://static.springsource.org/spring-data/data-jpa/docs/current/api/org/springframework/data/jpa/repository/JpaRepository.html Repository] interface

{{{
public interface AccountRepository extends JpaRepository<Account, Long>,
        EntityManagerProvider {

    Account findAccountByUuid(String uuid);

    @Query("select a from Account a where a.name = :name")
    Account findAccountByName(@Param("name") String name);
}
}}}

This process is well described in the [http://static.springsource.org/spring-data/data-jpa/docs/current/reference/html/#repositories.definition original manual].
All features described in 1.1-1.4 documentation parts is supported by _guice-repository_.

2. Install a Guice-module

You can select between manual Repository binding in JpaRepositoryModule and auto-binding with ScanningJpaRepositoryModule.

Example for JpaRepositoryModule:
{{{
install(new JpaRepositoryModule("my-persistence-unit") {
            @Override
            protected void bindRepositories(RepositoryBinder binder) {
                binder.bind(AccountRepository.class).to("my-persistence-unit");
            }
        });
}}}


Example for [AutoBind ScanningJpaRepositoryModule]:
{{{
install(new ScanningJpaRepositoryModule("com.mycorp.repo", "my-persistence-unit"));
}}}

In this case "com.mycorp.repo" is a package where your Repository interfaces is located.

3. @Inject & use

Inject and use Repository in your services/business-logic modules:

{{{
public class AccountService {
   
    @Inject
    private AccountRepository accountRepository;

    public void registerUser(String login, String password) throws RegistrationException{
     // ... some checks & etc
     accountRepository.save(new Account(login, password));
     // ... something else
    }

    public Account findAccount(String login) throws FinderException{
     return accountRepository.findAccountByLogin(login);
    }
}
}}}

==Why not just use pure Guice-Persist?==

My own best-reasons-list for this is:
 * Reduce boilerplate code around persistence layer
 * Simplify understanding of Domain model and its lifecycle aspects between team members
 * Isolation from ORM-configuration vendor specifics (see [ImplementationSpecifics this] page) in EntityManager configuration
 * OOM-protected Batch-insert feature

==Where i can get it?==

Project is mavenized and published in Central Maven repository.

{{{
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.google.code.guice-repository</groupId>
    <artifactId>guice-repository</artifactId>
    <version>${version.guice-repository}</version>
</dependency>
}}}

This project is depends on many other 3rd party libraries which is required to work. So, _without_ Maven you should manually add actual versions of this 3rd party libraries. Actual list of them can be viewed in _dependencies_ section of [http://code.google.com/p/guice-repository/source/browse/trunk/pom.xml pom.xml].

Actual project version will be always on top of this page.