==ORM Implementation Specifics==

===Persistence-unit name===

As you can see from documentation earlier there is an constructor parameter for JpaRepositoryModule named "my-persistence-unit", for example:
{{{
install(new JpaRepositoryModule("my-persistence-unit") {
            protected void configureRepositories() {
                bind(AccountRepository.class).toProvider(new JpaRepositoryProvider<AccountRepository>());
            }
        });
}}}

This parameter is a persistence-unit name which will be used for _EntityManagerFactory_ creation. This parameter is required by underlying _guice-persist_ module and it is mandatory to pass them to _JpaPersistModule_.

_guice-repository_ allows you three options to specify persistence-unit name:
 # Specify it directly during module instantiation
 # Create your own persistence-unit resolving method, just override _getPersistenceUnitName_ of JpaRepositoryModule:
 {{{
   install(new JpaRepositoryModule() {
            protected void configureRepositories() {
                bind(UserRepository.class).toProvider(new JpaRepositoryProvider<UserRepository>());
            }

            protected String getPersistenceUnitName() {
                // use your own detection mechanisms, but remember - Guice doesn't allow injection in modules during construction
                return "my-persistence-unit";
            }
        });
 }}}
 # Specify system property named "persistence-unit-name" on/before application startup

For all options you should have *META-INF/persistence.xml* in your classpath. This configuration file should contain persistence-unit used by your application.

===ORM Implemenation Specifics Separation===

_guice-repository_ allows you to separate ORM-specific properties from *persistence.xml* configuration file. 

This is very useful approach in situations where you don't know your application consumer ORM-specifics and/or physical database type and/or location. In this case you provide two artifacts to your customer:
 * application artifact with generic _persistence.xml_ which contains mappings only
 * artifact with possible database configurations and configuration manual

*How to begin?*

First of all you should define your generic _persistence.xml_, here is an example:
{{{
<persistence version="2.0" xmlns="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/persistence"
             xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
             xsi:schemaLocation="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/persistence       http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/persistence/persistence_2_0.xsd">

    <persistence-unit name="myapp.oracle" transaction-type="RESOURCE_LOCAL">
        <provider>org.hibernate.ejb.HibernatePersistence</provider>
        <mapping-file>META-INF/mappings/sequence/User.orm.xml</mapping-file>
        <mapping-file>META-INF/mappings/sequence/Entity.orm.xml</mapping-file>
        <exclude-unlisted-classes>true</exclude-unlisted-classes>
        <shared-cache-mode>ENABLE_SELECTIVE</shared-cache-mode>
    </persistence-unit>

    <persistence-unit name="myapp.h2" transaction-type="RESOURCE_LOCAL">
        <provider>org.hibernate.ejb.HibernatePersistence</provider>
        <mapping-file>META-INF/mappings/identity/User.orm.xml</mapping-file>
        <mapping-file>META-INF/mappings/identity/Entity.orm.xml</mapping-file>
        <exclude-unlisted-classes>true</exclude-unlisted-classes>
        <shared-cache-mode>ENABLE_SELECTIVE</shared-cache-mode>
    </persistence-unit>

    <persistence-unit name="myapp.sql-server" transaction-type="RESOURCE_LOCAL">
        <provider>org.hibernate.ejb.HibernatePersistence</provider>
        <mapping-file>META-INF/mappings/identity/User.orm.xml</mapping-file>
        <mapping-file>META-INF/mappings/identity/Entity.orm.xml</mapping-file>
        <exclude-unlisted-classes>true</exclude-unlisted-classes>
        <shared-cache-mode>ENABLE_SELECTIVE</shared-cache-mode>
    </persistence-unit>
</persistence>
}}}

As you can see there is three persistence-unit defined with no DB specifics - only mappings. It's important thing - if you need better portability of your mappings you should not choose annotation-based mappings. For example - identity sequences 
is only choice for Oracle, but it's not supported in Microsoft SQL Server.

Second thing - you need to create set of ORM-specifics configuration files.
By-default _guice-repository_ perform a classpath search of files named *${persistence-unit-name}.properties*.

*Here is some examples of this files:*

_myapp.h2.properties_:
{{{
hibernate.connection.driver_class=org.h2.Driver

hibernate.dialect=org.hibernate.dialect.H2Dialect
hibernate.connection.url=jdbc:h2:./target/test-db;MVCC=TRUE

hibernate.show_sql=false
hibernate.format_sql=false
hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto=create
}}}

_myapp.oracle.properties_:
{{{
hibernate.connection.driver_class=oracle.jdbc.OracleDriver

hibernate.dialect=org.hibernate.dialect.Oracle10gDialect
hibernate.connection.url=jdbc:oracle:thin:@//localhost:1521/xe
hibernate.connection.username=dev
hibernate.connection.password=dev
hibernate.connection.autocommit=true
hibernate.show_sql=false
hibernate.format_sql=false
hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto=update

hibernate.id.new_generator_mappings=true
}}}

_myapp.sql-server.properties_:
{{{
hibernate.connection.driver_class=net.sourceforge.jtds.jdbc.Driver

hibernate.dialect=org.hibernate.dialect.SQLServerDialect
hibernate.connection.url=jdbc:jtds:sqlserver://SRV-TEST-DB:1433;databaseName=test_db;integratedSecurity=true;

hibernate.show_sql=false
hibernate.format_sql=false
hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto=update
hibernate.jdbc.batch_size=500
}}}

Also you can define your own ORM-specifics separation by overriding _getPersistenceUnitProperties_ method in _JparepositoryModule_:
{{{
   install(new JpaRepositoryModule() {
            protected Properties getPersistenceUnitProperties() {
              // define your own Properties for JPA persistence provider
            }
   }

}}}